Logging as functionality (#49)
Platform-OS/pos-module-user: README.md

  - `article.edit`
  - `comment.delete`
* **Managing Permissions for Administrators/Moderators:** Use `<resource>.manage.all` for permissions granted to administrators or moderators. Regular users should typically have permission only for the entities they create. For example, in a blog application that allows users to write comments, users should be able to edit and delete their own comments.  In contrast, administrators and moderators need permission to manage all comments. We recommend creating a `<resource>.manage.all` permission for this purpose and handling it as described in the [Creating Your Own Authorization Commands](#creating-your-own-authorization-commands) example.
### Logging as another user

Logging as antoher user .

#### Endpoints for Loggin as another user

The table below contains the [resourceful routes](https://documentation.platformos.com/developer-guide/modules/platformos-modules#resourceful-route-naming-convention) provided for the logging as functionality, ordered based on the flow. 

| HTTP method   | slug  | page file path |  description | partial rendering HTML |
|---|---|---|---|---|

> | POST | /logging-as | `modules/user/public/views/pages/sessions/logging_as.liquid` |This feature allows an administrator to log in as another user's profile. Only users with the superadmin role can log in as another superadmin user. The original user ID is stored in the session. |modules/community/public/views/partials/admin/users/users/edit.liquid |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| POST | /logging-as | `modules/user/public/views/pages/sessions/logging_as.liquid` |This feature allows an administrator to log in as another user based on `user_id` parameter. Only users with the superadmin role can log in as another superadmin user. The original user ID is stored in the session. |modules/community/public/views/partials/admin/users/users/edit.liquid |
```

Author: done

> | POST  | /logging-back | `modules/user/public/views/pages/sessions/logging_back.liquid`|Logging back in as the original user. | app/views/partials/components/organisms/logging_back.liquid|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| POST  | /logging-back | `modules/user/public/views/pages/sessions/logging_back.liquid`|Logging back in as the original user whose id was stored in `original_user_id` session field. | app/views/partials/components/organisms/logging_back.liquid|
```
